README.md, before:

# Kassandra

[![JavaScript Style Guide](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-standard-brightgreen.svg)](https://standardjs.com) 
[![docstring style](https://img.shields.io/badge/docstring%20style-jsdocs-brightgreen.svg)](http://usejsdoc.org/)
[![dependencies Status](https://img.shields.io/david/Team3316/kassandra.svg)](https://david-dm.org/Team3316/kassandra)
[![devDependencies Status](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/Team3316/kassandra.svg)](https://david-dm.org/Team3316/kassandra?type=dev) 
>D-Bug's generic scouting system

## Setup

Kassandra is built in **Node.js**, and uses a **PostgreSQL** server as a database.

If you want to use a different SQL-based database you need to install the corresponding node module and configure Sequelize accordingly.

### Config

Make a `.env` file at the root folder with the same fields as `template.env` and fill the fields according to your enviorment.

### Deployment

```Bash
# Clone the repository and change directory
git clone https://github.com/Team3316/kassandra.git && cd kassandra
# Install the node dependencies
npm install
# Build the code
npm run build
# Start the server
npm run serve
```

## Scripts

`npm run lint` - Lints the code using [StandardJS](https://standardjs.com/)

`npm run build` - Builds the code using [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) with [Babel](https://babeljs.io/)

`npm run watch` - Builds the code in watch mode

`npm run serve` - Serves using [Express](https://expressjs.com/)

`npm run dev` - Starts the server in [Nodemon](https://nodemon.io/)

Commit message:

Match list merge (#5)
Added Redux (and React Redux) to the app, changed the folder structure and made a functional match list page that pulls from The Blue Alliance API

README.md, after:

# Kassandra

[![JavaScript Style Guide](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-standard-brightgreen.svg)](https://standardjs.com) 
[![docstring style](https://img.shields.io/badge/docstring%20style-jsdocs-brightgreen.svg)](http://usejsdoc.org/)
[![dependencies Status](https://img.shields.io/david/Team3316/kassandra.svg)](https://david-dm.org/Team3316/kassandra)
[![devDependencies Status](https://img.shields.io/david/dev/Team3316/kassandra.svg)](https://david-dm.org/Team3316/kassandra?type=dev) 
>D-Bug's scouting system, built using React, Redux, Express and Sequelize

## Setup

Kassandra is built using **Node.js**, and uses a **PostgreSQL** server as a database.

If you want to use a different SQL-based database you need to install the corresponding node module and configure Sequelize accordingly.

### Configuration

Make a `.env` file at the root folder with the same fields as `template.env` and fill the fields according to your enviorment.

### Deployment

```Bash
# Clone the repository and change directory
git clone https://github.com/Team3316/kassandra.git && cd kassandra
# Install the node dependencies
npm install
# Build the code
npm run build
# Start the server
npm run serve
```

## Scripts

`npm run lint` - Lints the code using [StandardJS](https://standardjs.com/)

`npm run build` - Builds the code using [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) with [Babel](https://babeljs.io/)

`npm run watch` - Builds the code in watch mode

`npm run serve` - Serves using [Express](https://expressjs.com/)

`npm run dev` - Starts the server in [Nodemon](https://nodemon.io/)
